										DATA EXTRACTION

1. First of all for data extraction I imported all the necessary librabries
	-pandas (To read the excel file provided)
	-BeautifulSoup (To read the URL in the excel file)

2. After importing i wrote a function " extract_article_text" to extract text and article from any provided URL and in that to fetch title and the article text
   i used BeautifulSoup and its find function which helps to navigate within a webpage on basis of tag and class.
	- for Title tag = "h1" class = "entry-title"
	- for article_text tag="div" class = "td-post-content tagdiv-type"

3. Now I created a folder called extracted_articles to store all the text of corresponding webpages and after that a for loop to iterate over every URL 
   in excel and use the " extract_article_text" to extract title and article from the webpages.

4. After Running these in the folder i got all the text files corresponding to their URL_ID with title and text in it.
    - But there were 12 webpages which can't be extracted because there were images present in the text part and class was also not the same.


										DATA ANALYSIS

1. Imported nltk library, used for language processing.

2. Created list of stopwords from the stopwords folder provided.

3. Created a dictionary containing all the variables and then created a positive and negative dictionary
   from the MasterDictionary.

4. Now a for loop to calculate every variable and append them to the Dictionary containing all variables to their correspondinng URL_ID
   
5. after running the for loop I trransformed the dictionary into a dataframe so it can be converted to a csv file.

6. Now I had a csv file having all values with their respective URL_ID, Now i had to paste all those values in output file provided by you
	-Firstly i opened the output file and created Sheet2 in which i pasted the values i got as a result
	-As both the sheet had URL_ID as common, it can be used as a PRIMARY_KEY and with the help of INDEXf function of excel
	 i was able to paste those values in front of their correspondinng URL_ID.


NOTE:- THE CODE HAS ALL THE NECESSARY COMMENTS